style guide: add additional examples (#14242)
backstage/backstage: STYLE.md

   }
   ```

> 1. Use options as arguments to functions and methods, rather than positional arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When there is a significant number of arguments to a function or method, prefer to use a single options object as the argument, rather than many positional arguments.
```

   ```ts
   // Bad
   function createWidget(id: string, name: string, width: number) {}

   // Good
   function createWidget(options: CreateWidgetOptions) {}
   ```

> 1. Avoid arrays as return types prefer response objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Avoid arrays as return types; prefer response objects.
```
